{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 WIA - The Project
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
I chose to create a homepage for a running club. The idea is to highlight the members and emphasize the not-so-formal approach to running with a group. I incorporated the image gallery as "above the fold" as I could to show just how ordinary the crew was, no superstars athletes just good ol' common folk! As a bonus feature I included a, roughly, 13 second video highlighting someone doing a training run, which is 'hidden' but can be revealed to watch. Other content includes pros for why it is beneficial to run with a group AND individually. These are revealed and hidden at the viewers discretion though their display space is clearly visible (not sure about this).\
\
I also added three pie charts created with d3pie, which is built on the js lib d3. I really enjoyed working with d3pie and spent a lot of time working through the generated code, although I could never figure out how to get an 'on click' to work.\
\
Overall I enjoyed the project, more so because I gained a bit of confidence with JS. Our course videos are some of the better resources I have seen. The following is a breakdown of requirements and their application on the page:\
\
\'95 jQuery effects:\
	*slide - to show/hide video\
	*fade - to display versus benefits\
\'95 animated chart:\
	*pie charts - when reloading you are able to see the animation\
* interactive map:\
	*none\
\'95 image gallery:\
	*used FancyBox lib\
\'95 HTML5 video tag:\
	*highlighted a runner training\
	*used four fallback files\
\'95 canvas tags:\
	\'95used for fading in benefits\
\
Concerning Modernizr, I have had a time trying to get it to work. I did not employ it.}